welcome to another edition of designing
spaces the show that's all about you and
your space your home and surroundings
I'm Debi Marie and I'm David Jones
welcome to our big game show where we're
going to take a look at what you can do
to enjoy Sunday's big game to the max in
your home and in your space sounds like
a lot of fun and shortly i'm gonna be
heading out to a tailgate party and then
later we'll meet up with auntie Tillis
who's getting things together for a big
game house party and what better way to
get ready for your big game party than
to get tips and ideas from the experts
will do that as well so stick around and
see it all right here on designing
spaces big games special I gotta run I
don't want to miss the party okay here
you go
big games about to start and we've got
the big screen TV the only thing we're
missing is the perfect stand we not only
want to stand that looks good but we
want one that functions well too so
joining designing spaces is drew maple
the principal designer for Bush
industries one of the leading
manufacturers are ready to assemble
furniture for your home and your office
hi drew welcome back to designing spaces
hi Andy it's great to be back I'm so
glad you could be here for the big game
now we were thinking about putting the
TV on the wall but what do you think
about that well I think that's obviously
a solution a lot of people go with but
it causes problems associated with what
you do with your wires and what do you
do with all the components that have to
go along with your TV Bush industries
offers a variety of solutions for TV
sizes and for the variety of components
that you have in both open architecture
and closed architectural products that
would allow you not to have to mount it
to the wall that still gives you also
the opportunity of floating that above
the TV and simulating the look of having
an amount on the wall in this
environment that we're dealing with
which is an open living space going on
to a kitchen it has a swivel mount
solution so the TV can be basically
pointing towards the viewers and then
also rotate to if you're standing in the
kitchen or when we have a party like
we're having it gives optimum viewing oh
that's gonna be great yeah everyone's
got a good angle we're doing something
from this segments line but there's many
other lines to choose from right Bush
industries offers a variety of products
a variety of different styles of
products and sizes to accommodate
everybody's needs whether it's closed
architecture / and architecture open
architecture being basically fully open
shelving which allows you to layer
components out in a variety of different
applications and accommodates the new
sound bars there's virtual sound bars
out there now that are great for
creating this virtual surround sound
application but they're quite large and
then closed applications are you know
basically things that have doors and
drawers and provide more of an enclosed
architecture to hide the components
which many women prefer and this is all
stuff that I can assemble myself this is
definitely stuff that you can assemble
yourself Bush Industries has great
quality products that are very easy to
assemble and if you have any problems
with it you can
use our 800 line and calling somebody if
you have any hiccups in the instructions
that's great so if you're stuck or
you're hesitant just make that phone
call yep that's great you ready to get
started I am on the credit about this
juice up the line the holes up with the
posts this was really easy to build and
it looks beautiful no I have to do is
put the last component on okay with the
washer and the solid wood component love
that and we use heavy nuts right you
know me to finish tight reason you'll
get the next piece that'd be great great
last thing we have to do is to secure
the screws on the swivel mount make sure
it's nice and tight yep and then we have
velcro straps incorporated in the back
for wire management to hold your wires
and keep everything nicely organized
that's wonderful all we have to do is
put the washer on and then slide the
bracket into place and there's a hole
right in the bottom here no pizza just
to line that up at the top it's so easy
and then put the washer further nut in
and we just using Elmer's yep now you
had mentioned something before about us
the Bill of our tell me about that well
the great thing about this product is
that it has a TV mount that's built into
its your TV's very secure to the base of
the structure we have some other
products that incorporate the stability
are it's a patented product that bushes
is created because we're very concerned
about safety and quality of the product
and in that unit basically it ties into
the base of the TV stand in the back of
the TV and provides an added measure of
safety that's great and as far as this
one goes the tilt it swivels both
directions so that you can catch it
anywhere in the home from the left to
the right perfect viewing for every
guest yep love that next thing we do is
put the TV on so we do okay let's do
that great wow that looks great what do
you think I think that's really good now
we're kind of your spine the students
and the best place to go would be our
website it's Bush industries com and you
can find out about this product and all
the other products that we
offer an office and entertainment
furniture that's great it makes it
really easy let's go see what's going on
in the kitchen my thing left to do
what's on and enjoy the game I love it
love it ing chillin I'm dirty Murray and
I'm David Jones for the big game edition
of designing spaces but by everyone was
in except you can visit these websites
to learn more about the participants on
this edition of designing spaces